Add sample dag and doc for S3ListOperator (#23449)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/operators/s3.rst

    :start-after: [START howto_operator_s3_create_object]
    :end-before: [END howto_operator_s3_create_object]

.. _howto/operator:S3ListOperator:

List Amazon S3 objects
----------------------

To list all Amazon S3 objects within an Amazon S3 bucket you can use
:class:`~airflow.providers.amazon.aws.operators.s3.S3ListOperator`.

> You can specify ``prefix`` to filter the objects whose name begin with such prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify a ``prefix`` to filter the objects whose name begins with such prefix.
```
